---
title: Thimble
layout: post
author: noah.burrows
permalink: /thimble/
source-id: 1FRJPYWa7unj_JddmOnNRJC99HEN9KJmFW3YTn-0hxAQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Thimble</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>03/10/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Never have looked at Mozilla Thimble, lots of coding on Github, two It Lessons Completed.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To understand how Mozilla Thimble works, and to engage in learning to use Mozilla Thimble.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>Learning a new area of work that was difficult, and continuing on with it when I didn't understand it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>Asking Mr.Keen to explain how certain areas of the site work that I didn’t understand.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>Working productively on my own, on a new topic which I knew very little about.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>Looking back on how I started out on Github, which is similar to Thimble and remembering the problems I faced and how  I managed to overcome them.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>Understanding the task and putting forward points of my own.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Since this was a new topic, I had to get to know and understand how the topic works which took a lot of time out of the lesson. This could have improved how much I learnt, however, it did mean I learnt an entire new part of the IT topic.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will find it much easier as I would have already visited this site and begun to understand some of the skills and uses of Thimble. Next time I will also focus on the differences of Thimble and Github to see how I can improve.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


